Python 2 and python 3 compatibility + unit test (#2)
DIRACGrid/DB12: README.md

# DB12

> DIRAC benchmark 2012 is a really quick benchmark, originally developed by Ricardo Graciani (https://github.com/graciani) that uses wrapper functions by Andrew McNab (https://github.com/Andrew-McNab-UK) to run multiple copies in parallel. The current maintainers are Frederico Stagni and Alexandre Franck Boyer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DIRAC benchmark 2012 is a really quick benchmark, originally developed by Ricardo Graciani (https://github.com/graciani) that uses wrapper functions by Andrew McNab (https://github.com/Andrew-McNab-UK) to run multiple copies in parallel. Imane Iraoui (https://github.com/ImanIra0ui/) ported it to py3 and added many tests.
The current maintainers are Federico Stagni (https://github.com/fstagni) and Alexandre Franck Boyer (https://github.com/aldbr).
```

# DB12

> DIRAC benchmark 2012 is a really quick benchmark by Ricardo Graciani that uses wrapper functions by Andrew McNab to run multiple copies in parallel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DIRAC benchmark 2012 is a really quick benchmark, originally developed by Ricardo Graciani (https://github.com/graciani) that uses wrapper functions by Andrew McNab (https://github.com/Andrew-McNab-UK) to run multiple copies in parallel. The current maintainers are ... []
```

The (dirac_benchmark.py) file is intended to be the ultimate upstream shared by different users of the DIRAC Benchmark 2012 (DB12). 

It's distributed from https://github.com/DIRACGrid/DB12.

# Installing

To install the DB12 package, run:

    pip install DB12

# Using

> After installation, the package can be imported by typing `from DIRACbenchmark import dirac_benchmark`. 

Author: Yes I tried adding the signatures again and the import still wouldn't work. I tweaked it a bit and it still wouldn't work so should I keep trying to make it work somehow or can we just keep the import the way I did it originally?
